Update `ES_HOST` to document TLS usage (#1140)
mastodon/documentation: content/en/admin/config.md

#### `ES_HOST`

> Host of the ElasticSearch server. Defaults to `localhost`. If using TLS, prepend the hostname with `https://`. For example: `https://myelastic.tld`.

Reviewer: Elasticsearch is proper usage. Also lets use example.com domain as proposed in #1227 for consistency.

```suggestion
Host of the Elasticsearch server. Defaults to `localhost`. If using TLS, prepend the hostname with `https://`. For example: `https://elastic.example.com`.
```
